Fix lastInsertId pollution (#224)
pagemachine/searchable: doc/index-update.md

    // ...
```

> Partial updates use a dedicated `SearchablePartialUpdateQueue` database connection to avoid polluting `LAST_INSERT_ID`. It is derived automatically from the `Default` connection, but can be configured explicitly if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partial updates use a dedicated `SearchablePartialUpdateQueue` database connection to avoid inconsistencies caused by pollution of the last inserted ID. The `SearchablePartialUpdateQueue` connection is derived from the `Default` connection and the `wrapperClass` is removed. It can configured explicitly if needed but the `wrapperClass` must not be set in this case.
```
